Terms of Service
Acceptance of Terms
By using our Discord bot (the "Bot"), you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service ("Terms"). If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use the Bot.

Description of Service
The Bot provides a simple service of logging a welcome message upon the arrival of a new member and a farewell message upon the departure of a member in your Discord server.

User Conduct

You agree to use the Bot only for lawful purposes.
You agree not to use the Bot to violate any local, state, national, or international law.
You agree not to interfere with or disrupt the Bot or servers or networks connected to the Bot.
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information on how we collect, use, and disclose information.

Changes to Terms
We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time. Any changes will be posted on this page, and your continued use of the Bot constitutes your acceptance of the revised Terms.

Termination
We reserve the right to terminate or suspend your access to the Bot at our sole discretion, without notice and without liability, for conduct that we believe violates these Terms or is harmful to other users of the Bot, us, or third parties, or for any other reason.

Disclaimer of Warranties
The Bot is provided "as is" and "as available" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.

Limitation of Liability
In no event shall we be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (a) your use or inability to use the Bot; (b) any unauthorized access to or use of our servers and/or any personal information stored therein; (c) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Bot; (d) any bugs, viruses, trojans, or the like that may be transmitted to or through the Bot by any third party; (e) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage incurred as a result of your use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available through the Bot.

Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Bot is operated, without regard to its conflict of law principles.
